Pastor Akin-John's 60th birthday given a scholastic research in  among others


Saturday 10th September, 2022 was the day the Provincial Pastor RCCG, Lagos Province 38, Region 36, Pastor Akin-John clocked 60 and celebrated 60 years in the planetary habitat. The commonative birthday among others is subjected to research and is among scholastic works to appear in Father of Celebrology Acomoid scheduled for release this week.
Other Nigerians whose landmark birthday celebrations are given celebrological attention are: Pastor E.A Adeboye, General Overseer The Redeemed Christian Church of God; Otunba Olasubomi Balogun, the founding Chairman of FCMB ; Sir, Kessington Adebutu, former Governor of Ogun State, Senator Ibikunle Amosun, Former First Lady of Lagos State, Chief Mrs Doja Otedola, Senator Oluremi Tinubu, Former Ambassador of Nigeria to UK, Justice George Oguntade, Engr Tola Gbuyiro, founding Chairman of Gosslink to mention but a few. 
Entitled: THE ULTIMATE MEANING OF BIRTHDAY, the ground-breaking work which is the first of its kind in the world, subjects birthday celebration into deep celebrological investigation, dissecting the celebration classicality. 
Two types of birthday are introduced: (1) The Superlative Birthday, and  (2) The Commonative Birthday. The work begins with the general celebration theory which is then narrowed down to birthday celebration. Birthday finds its place in the celebration class known as Life Celebration. Extolling the depth of its mystery, in Celebrology, birthday appears in various celebration forms such as festival, carnival, actival and party, and has been given such a degree of attention for its personality-driven heroic and legendary exploits of societal relevance.
Pastor Akin John's 60th birthday finds its place, among others in the higher commonative birthday. thoroughly reported and explored with intense rationality by the author, who himself was an eye-witness at the celebration, the 60th birthday of the RCCG clergyman is among the landmark celebrations in the province and the region, and indeed Lagos State to be given such a scholastic attention and merit such an intellectual record. 



